refactor: move docs to gitbook (#369)
BoltzExchange/boltz-backend: docs/scripting.md

#### Examples

> Examples for generating all of these addresses with `Node.js` can be found in the [`boltz-core` r](https://github.com/BoltzExchange/boltz-core/blob/master/lib/swap/Scripts.ts)eference library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples for generating all of these addresses with `Node.js` can be found in the [`boltz-core`](https://github.com/BoltzExchange/boltz-core/blob/master/lib/swap/Scripts.ts) reference library.
```

Reviewer 2: Nice catch

#### P2SH nested P2WSH

When spending a P2SH nested P2WSH output the signature, preimage and original reedem script are added to the witness of the input as if the output was a P2WSH one, but you also have to add the OP code `OP_0` and the SHA256 hash of the redeem script to the signature script of the input.

#### Examples

> Examples for all three output types can be found in the [`boltz-core` ](https://github.com/BoltzExchange/boltz-core/blob/master/lib/swap/Claim.ts#L23)[r](https://github.com/BoltzExchange/boltz-core/blob/master/lib/swap/Scripts.ts)eference library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples for all three output types can be found in the [`boltz-core` ](https://github.com/BoltzExchange/boltz-core/blob/master/lib/swap/Claim.ts#L23) [reference library](https://github.com/BoltzExchange/boltz-core/blob/master/lib/swap/Scripts.ts).
```
